add FAQ and Troubleshooting document (#1591)
vdaas/vald: docs/user-guides/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

This page shows the troubleshooting for operating a Vald cluster.

## Insert Operation

### Vald Agent NGT crashed at the insert process.

Let’s check your container limit of memory at first.
Vald Agent requires memory for keeping indexing on memory.

## Search Operation

### Vald returns no search result.

> It supposes there are two reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two possible reasons.
```

1. Indexing has not finished in Vald Agent
   - Vald will search the nearest vectors of query from the indexing in Vald Agent.

>      If indexing does not complete yet, Vald Agent cancels searching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If the index operation is not completed yet, Vald Agent will cancel the search request.
```

Author: No passive sentence
